but I was going to go over how to flash
the light on I has drive with the sea
forevers a custom firmware this is
basically so you can burn xgd3 games
check out one other videos on that topic
but basically any of the new xbox 360
games will come out with this additional
security so you'll need this Drive tube
so basically you just want to pick up a
liteon drive
this you want it to be a I as X 24 dash
something be drive so AI has 124 324 524
624 be as long as it's Abby it's the
right it's the chipset that we need that
will take the custom firmware so you can
pick these up I actually found this one
a little Japan so I found this one in
Japan I've just a random computer shop
in electronic town so yeah just
basically look for just look for a
liteon drive DVD Dhulia burn disc and
pay close attention to the mall number
and that's it so I went ahead I threw it
into my desktop machine basically just
connects of tears serial ata cable and
power cable um so yeah just connect it
up and now we'll jump over the computer
to see the rest is tutorial okay so now
we have our drive installed we'll
probably just want to check to make sure
that it comes up so just go into device
manager and under DVD cd-rom drives you
should see the drive I has five 24b ATA
device which is the 1i have so again the
most important things be so any I has dr
x220 like whatever number 24 124 324
5742 24b work so we're good next you'll
want to download the I extreme burner
max software which is kind of a pain in
the ass to fine so just help you out I
basically just searched in google
download ice cream burner max firmware
original well it's the first link I
extreme burner max download here's the
pause the video if you want to just copy
this down
so basically just shows you the
supported models and like I was telling
you light on iOS x24 be all work so
basically allow you to burn up to eight
point seven gigabytes so the standard
dual layer discs or 8.5 is allow you to
burn all the way to the edge which is
where they put the security information
now so just click on the official link
it goes to a hot file link so if it'll
stay up just download that and then
you'll have the archive so here's the
archive just extracted and then in this
folder you will have the updates the
eeprom utility and the flash utility so
for ours we run in the eye hat is 524 be
this one you want to make sure you pick
whichever model you have in your
computer and this is the updated the
latest firmware for this so we want to
update the firmware first so just double
click this it'll come up fasha learning
supports I asked try to never be drive
good please reduce and close all plan
for hundreds fertility let's just check
the disk drive okay we're good so we're
going to go so click yes confirm its the
all right so yep that's the right drive
hit update your drives firmer is already
the most updated do you wish to continue
so this case we bought it and we just
bought this recently so looks good we
don't need to update it so click no okay
so now we're going to go to the eeprom
utility and open that up just confirm it
has a dr still selected and then you
just want to click backup eeprom
I'll ask you where you want to save it
to we'll just save it to our I has
burner max call it eeprom back up and
then just save it there that's just
going to save your firmware all right so
exit out of there then we're going to
open the flash utility exe file make
sure we have the highest Rajas drive
selected and then we're going to back up
this firmware so we'll do read flash and
then same thing we will save it in the
eeprom back up whatever somewhere and
I'll basically back that up take 10 to
20 seconds to do that alright so those
exit you start the flask utility now
we're going to flash with this e forever
uh firmware so confirm the drives there
then we're going to do right flash or
you slip the car drive yes alright so
you want to proceed yeah now we're going
to basically pull up that the firmware
so basically go back into the folder
that it corresponds to your drive so 524
be in our case and then we want to
basically select this file this I has 5
24 b final that bin open that it's just
giving you a final warning we're going
to flash this drive this is the firmware
i just confirm everything's the same 524
524 okay and make sure proceed yes and
then now it's flashing the drive just
let it go the completely done with
flashing you'll want to restart your
computer just so the new dr registers
properly
alright so now it's been it's complete
you can exit out and you pretty much
done at this point so you want to reboot
your computer once just a beach deuces
be safe um and then once you've rebooted
the machine you can open up my computer
and throw in a dual-layer discs and
you'll see it come up as DV right 8.1 3
gigabytes so that's how you know it's
basically flashes is working and the
drive is now reading correctly so that
concludes this tutorial hope you enjoy